[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Armando Mei, and I
am an investigative journalist,
self-trained
Egyptologist, and author.
I will read to you a new theory
on the origins of the pyramids
of Giza, or what
Egyptologists call Zep Tepi,
the creation of ancient Egypt.
Until now, all researchers
focused their study
on the Great Pyramid
or the Sphinx,
sometimes on the second
pyramid, the Chephren Pyramid,
never on the third pyramid,
the Mycerinus Pyramid.
The Giza Plateau has never
been studied as a whole,
considering the possible
existence of other monuments
that were built at the same time
as the pyramids and the Sphinx.
Researchers have consistently
rejected the assumption.
But as we'll see that
new points of view
is the key to understanding one
of the mysteries of the past,
and it opens the way to
material of the primary planning
of Giza.
At the end of
'90s, Robert Bauval
published "Keeper of Genesis,"
co-authored by Graham Hancock.
The book has been
so important to me
because it prompted me
to initiate my research
on the Giza Plateau.
There is a question in
the book that struck me.
In one of the last
chapters, Hancock
asked Robert, why do you have
the alignment between pyramids
and stars dated at
10,500 before Christ,
and not a previous processional
time, such as 36,000 or 62,000
before Christ?
Bauval answered very carefully,
because dating could affect
the phases of human evolution.
I can understand why
Bauval gave that answer.
It was a very trying time for
him, being accused of heresy
by Egyptologists.
However, Hancock's
question is fascinating.
His inquiry opened
my mind as I tried
to join all clues
concerning the myth
and papyrus, gods and kings
lists, lost civilizations
and pyramids.
Everything was going to be
joined by that question.
My mind was flowing
towards new patterns,
and I understood that the
key was written in the stars.
They were waiting to
be read correctly.
Then another important
event took place in 2012.
I received an email from John
Ward, an English Egyptologist,
who discovered a very
interesting tomb.
At the end of the
email, he asked
my opinion concerning
the so-called mastaba
of Queen Khentkaus.
I have to say that it caught
me by surprise because I have
never heard about that unknown
monument positioned southeast
of the pyramids.
So I studied the monument,
acquiring lots of information,
and then I went to Egypt to
research its possible purpose.
After a challenging
investigation,
I discovered one of
the forgotten pieces
of the primary planning of Giza.
Let's go in order.
The Khentkaus mastaba is
a fascinating monument
with very particular shapes.
Before introducing
the analysis, I
believe it's crucial
to understand
who queen Khentkaus was
and when she took part
in Egyptian history.
She was Mycerinus' daughter
and mother of the first three
pharaohs of the Fifth
Dynasty, and she
wanted her last abode
built on a ridge southeast
of the pyramids.
We don't know why
she chose this,
but we can discern
some interesting clues
through some investigation.
Two types of construction
stages characterized her tomb.
The lower part is
somewhat mysterious,
but Egyptians clearly built the
top during the Dynastic age.
The lower part is very
intriguing because
of its shape.
Let's investigate the
mystery of the lower part.
First, from east to
west, the lower part
is carved in the rock
and looks like a spiral.
Second, we know the spiral
is hermetically connected
to the Great Mother's myth,
symbolizing fertility, growth,
plenty.
Third, Khentkaus'
name means "who
rules on the spirits," which
is the same function of Isis
as Osiris' wife and
the afterlife goddess.
Fourth, the spiral carved at
the base of Khentkaus' mastaba
results in a design that looks
like the star Sirius' orbit.
Fifth, if we observe the
west side of the ridge,
we see evidence of
water erosion that
is very similar to
the Sphinx erosion.
We have some
evidence reminding us
of the goddess who the
Egyptians worshiped.
And at the same time, we can
assume that the lower carved
part of the mastaba is the
same age as the Sphinx because
of the same water
erosion presence.
But that is just the beginning.
I put my clues together.
But before coming
to any conclusion.
I needed to explore the sky
above Giza during the Zep Tepi.
It was clear that Bauval's
proposal didn't work,
so I shifted the
sky back in time
to the preceding
processional cycle.
In the following table, we
can see the sky above Giza
in 36,400 before Christ.
At the vernal equinox dawn,
an entire processional cycle
before 10,500 before
Christ, the monuments
were perfectly aligned with
the constellations as follows.
First, at east, the
earliest sunshine rays
disclosed the dawn.
Second, lion
constellation and Sphinx
are closely connected to the
east, as in Bauval's theory.
Third, this is the
key to my theory.
The Orion constellation is
on the celestial meridian,
precisely above the pyramids.
But the difference is a perfect
connection between Alnitak,
the large star of
the Orion's belt,
and the Great Pyramid, the
biggest monument on the Giza
Plateau.
As Alnitak lies on the
celestial meridian,
the Great Pyramid lies in the
center of the emerged lands,
or rather at the main meridian
and parallel intersection,
or rather at the distance
of 1/3 between the equator
and the North Pole, symbolizing
the natural zero for longitude.
Fourth, the correlation
between monuments and stars
occurred only in that
astronomical configuration,
and in no one astronomical
alignment from the present time
to 100,000 before Christ.
What is amazing is
the presence of Sirius
in the sky at the
southeast, near the Orion
constellation and visible from
Giza, because the star lies
above the celestial horizon.
Its appearance in the sky
suggests a possible correlation
with a monument southeast
of the pyramids.
Moreover, many
astronomical guidelines
prove the concept of
the new age beginning.
First of all, the Moon, it
is in the new moon period,
having just a few minutes of the
new lunar phase, its position
at slightly below the
celestial horizon,
ready to follow the sun
across the ecliptic.
Then let's observe
the planets' position.
They are positioned along
the ecliptic in precise order
in the southeast hemisphere.
Symbolically, they are
waiting for the rising sun
as it moves along the ecliptic.
Moreover, in ancient
times, only the planets
that were associated with the
days of the week were present.
It is very intriguing
to note that the planet
of the rest, Saturn, is located
precisely in the southwest
quadrant, the so-called
place of death
for the ancient Egyptians.
Its disposition is fascinating.
Because of certain
Hebrew traditions,
they consider Saturday,
the day of rest,
dedicated to
celebrating the Lord.
Does it mean that
Zep Tepi memories
influence Hebrew traditions?
I think it is a topic to be
analyzed as soon as possible.
Let's return to the primary
topic, the mysteries
of Khentkaus' tomb.
The question is, could it be
as ancient as the pyramids?
And if yes, what
proof do we have?
I believe that the answer
was impressed somewhere
in the ancient text.
After many months
dedicated to research,
I found some clues in
the Inventory Stela.
As for the kings
list, Egyptologists
considered the Inventory
Stela a very dubious document.
The French Egyptologist,
Auguste Mariette,
found it in the middle
of 19th century.
The Stela is dated back
to the 26th Dynasty.
As I said, archaeologists
consider it unreliable
because it refers to
controversial events
during the Cheops Kingdom.
Notably, the inscription
compiled 1,500 years
after Cheops' death
says that when
he took the throne, the
pyramids and the Sphinx
were already built. So I
decided to study the document
and I noted that its
original translation seems
to be incorrect.
Some basic mistakes
change the actual message.
That's why I believe it could
be vital in shedding light
on the Giza mystery.
Let's read the inscription
according to Egyptologists.
Cheops found the house of
Isis, ruling of the pyramid,
was near the house
of the Sphinx,
above between the north
and west of the house.
But if we see the
hieroglyphic circle,
it has been
translated just once,
meanwhile it is inscribed twice.
It means "near" or "beside."
Then if we consider the original
translation is incorrect,
and the correct
translation is, he, Cheops,
found the house of Isis
was near the pyramid
and beside the
house of the Sphinx,
above between the north
and west of the house,"
from the translation we
have two conclusions.
First, the house of Isis
was between the pyramids
and the Sphinx.
Second, its
geographical position
is from the north to the
west, through the Sphinx.
What monument corresponds
with that information?
As we can appreciate
from the image,
it is the carved ridge on which
Khentkaus built her mastaba.
From the position
of the monuments,
while the pyramids
are perfectly aligned
with geographical points and
corresponding to Orion's belt,
and the Sphinx aligns to
the east and corresponding
to the lion
constellation, the mastaba
seems to have a
different alignment.
If we observe the blue line,
the monument's disposition
seems to move towards
the southwest.
Is there a ratio?
The answer is yes.
Suppose we join
with two red lines
the northwest angles cited
in the Inventory Stela
throughout the mastaba
center and the west side.
In that case, we obtain a design
that looks like the Canis Major
constellation, having the
star Sirius as its vertex.
It could be considered an effort
to inscribe that constellation
on Giza, explaining why
they built the mastaba
with a different
geographical position
than the other monuments.
But other clues suggest
the possible correlation
between the lower part of the
mastaba and the Sirius star.
If we observe the
astronomical map at 36,400
before Christ, to
the naked eye, Sirius
is very close to the Orion
constellation and far away
from the Lion constellation.
So if the mastaba is the
image of Sirius on Earth,
it must be closer to the
pyramids and farthest
from the Sphinx.
The image suggests that the
distance among monuments
are wrong because
the mastaba is closer
to the Sphinx and farthest
from the pyramids.
Did the builders make a mistake?
Absolutely not.
The image shows that
the position is correct
because Sirius is
closer to Regulus
in light years in the
Lion constellation,
and further than Orion.
What does it mean?
Is it a coincidence?
In my opinion, it
means that the builders
had the perfect
knowledge of science,
and particularly of astronomy.
They knew about astronomical
distances between stars,
constellations, and planets.
But that's not all.
If we observe the
geographical position
of the mastaba on
the Giza Plateau,
we can see that
it has an angular
position of 67.39 degrees
than the east, more or less.
Now, in the alignment
at 36,400 before Christ,
the Sirius angular separation
from east is 67.58 degrees.
It's an amazing confirmation of
their knowledge of astronomy,
and at the same
time, it is proof
that the monument is an
ancient piece of the Giza
primary planning.
And very probably, where
the Khentkaus mastaba
was tens of thousands
of years ago,
there was a building
positioned similarly called
Isis' House, which has
since been destroyed,
as the Inventory Stela tells.
Lastly, the builders
were so precise they
joined the monument to
geographical and astronomical
points.
What information could
emerge from the dimensions
of the lower part
of the mastaba?
Could there be a possible
mathematical relationship
with the star Sirius?
I analyzed some comparable
parameters in royal qubits
for a homogeneous relationship,
and the results are as follows.
The first column shows
the mastaba parameters
and the third comparable
parameters of Sirius star.
The second and fourth columns
show data in royal qubits.
The fifth column shows
the mathematical ratio
as the base of
relationship data.
The last column shows
the mathematic constants
as the base of the
mastaba projects.
It means that the
builders already
knew Sirius' physical
characteristics and dimensions.
So applying the mathematical
constant, pi, and phi,
the universal constant,
one could apply everywhere
in the universe they processed
an architectural model
to build the monument,
giving it proportionally
the exact dimensions
of the star.
This is the first mystery
I will try to unveil
in the southeast of Giza.
There are also other
well-preserved mysteries
to unveil on the east side
of the pyramids, where they
built temples and the Sphinx.
In 2014, I was engaged in an
archaeological campaign in Giza
exploring the pyramids'
northwest area.
At the end of the
job, I spent two days
visiting the temples
near the Sphinx
because I was fascinated by the
buildings with large limestone
blocks.
When you visit the
Sphinx area, you
can feel that it
is a microcosm very
different from the
pyramids, as it
is composed of three
buildings-- the Sphinx
Temple, the Temple
of the Valley,
and the Amenhotep II's Temple.
It is a world with its own
characteristics and messages
to decode.
The Sphinx is impressive
and the temples are as well.
They are positioned
symmetrically,
and they seem to be
similar in size and shape.
Egyptologists claim that
Khafre's workers built
the so-called Sphinx
temples after building
the second pyramid
and the Sphinx,
but I have many
doubts on that matter.
Instead, I believe the
temples and the Sphinx
were built simultaneously
because of technical details
highlighting several symmetries,
similarities, and connections.
Egyptologists say
that the temple
was built during Khafre's
reign because they
found the statue in diorite
in a well in the temple.
However, this is the
only proof they have.
On the other side,
many clues suggest
the temple is more ancient
than the Egyptian age.
For example, the Inventory
Stela tell us the pyramids
and the Sphinx already existed
at the time of Cheops' reign.
As for the pyramids
and Khentkaus' mastaba,
the Valley Temple
lacks hieroglyphics
celebrating the pharaoh
or deity of the time.
I investigated the
tables because I
was intrigued by the
blocks forming them that
are impressive for
their dimensions.
They remind me of the
blocks forming the pyramids,
and I believe they were
part of the same projects.
Now, let's have a quick
look at the monuments.
The Sphinx Temple is
very ancient, more
than Dynastic age.
It must be considered one of the
most ancient temples ever built
in Egypt, perhaps in Earth.
Hundreds of limestone blocks
formed its basic structure.
What is impressive
is that each stone
has an average weight of
200 tons, positioned one
upon the other.
To have an idea
of this endeavor,
we can make a comparison with
the famous archaeological site
of Stonehenge in England.
Every monolith forming
the English site
as an average
weight of a 50 tons,
just a quarter of the
weight of the blocks
used for the Sphinx
Temple in Egypt.
An in-depth
investigation suggests
that the temple seems to be
built in two different stages
because of the different type
of blocks the builders used.
At the beginning, the temple
was built with limestone blocks.
But during the Dynastic
age, Egyptian workers
used granite blocks
for restoring
the building, affected by
the wind and water erosion.
When observing the
blocks we can see
that the granite was cut to fit
together with limestone blocks
where they had strongly eroded,
an interesting detail that
could confirm the
Inventory Stela contents
and suggests that Cheops likely
had maintenance work done
on this pyramid, but
he did not build it.
The second moment I visited
was the so-called Valley Temple
that is very similar
to the Sphinx temple.
Built with limestone and then
restored with pink granite
blocks, we don't know why,
but maintenance work was not
completed and all of the blocks
have been seriously affected
by the weather.
Lastly, I visited the unknown
Amenhotep II's Temple,
built during the New Kingdom and
positioned on the little ridge
northeast of the Sphinx.
It has almost collapsed.
Just a few elements
still stand--
some columns, the entrance,
and the stairwell complex
at the bottom of the building.
Observing the temple, we can
see some details referring
to the possible
existence of a preceding
monument on which Amenhotep's
workers built the temple.
The floor, almost
destroyed, reveals
pieces of an ancient basement
much older than the temple,
characterized by huge
blocks reminiscent of those
forming the two temples
beneath the Sphinx.
All these details need
to be put in order
to understand why east of Giza
all those monuments were built
and what their purpose was.
Once more, I found the answer
by observing the astronomical
map at 36,400 before Christ.
It allowed me to fix
a perfect correlation
between the pyramids
and Orion's belt,
between the Sphinx and
the Lion constellation,
and between Khentkaus' mastaba
and Sirius, as new factor
not seen in Bauval's theory.
I believe it is an
excellent device
to find out the truth
about the mysteries
of the east side of Giza.
I used the same scientific
model for Khentkaus' mastaba,
which helped me discover
its correlation with Sirius.
Looking at the
astronomical map, I
observed the presence
of two planets
near Regulus, the greatest
star of the Lion constellation.
The two planets are
Mercury and Jupiter.
It was incredible to find
a possible correlation
with the monuments.
It was a great clue, and
it was the first time
that I was working on monuments
other than the pyramids
or mastaba.
I had two temples
and two planets,
several data
points, and the need
to bring new astronomical
data to check
for possible
connections among them.
I knew that it would
be a stunning discovery
if the results were correct.
I believe that the mathematical
constants pi and phi
would play a key role, similar
to the Sirius-Khentkaus
correlation.
In addition, I approached
the investigation
using the same geometrical
and physical parameters
I used for Khentkaus' mastaba.
I analyzed comparable
parameters,
having dimensions
in royal qubits
for homogeneous comparison.
We have two tables
for each correlation.
Results are as follows.
The first column shows
the temple's parameters
as the third for planets'
comparable parameters.
The second and fourth columns
showed that in royal qubits.
The fifth column shows
the mathematical ratio
as base of data relationship.
The last column shows
the mathematic constants
as base of the
temple's projects.
Results confirm the
doubts that builders
sized the temple's
dimensions processing
some primary
planets' parameters,
according to the
laws of mathematics,
based on the
application of the two
main mathematical
constants, pi and phi.
The astronomical configuration
suggests a precise correlation
between Jupiter and
Mercury with Regulus
during the astronomical
time of the Zep Tepi,
giving a kind of a microcosm
at the east of the pyramids
involving the Sphinx
and temples as well.
Moreover, the results suggest
an elementary consideration.
The builder's
knowledge of astronomy
was incredible at that time.
We have the last mystery to
unveil on the east of Giza.
What was the purpose of the
so-called Amenhotep II Temple,
or better, the building on which
Amenhotep II built his temple?
The project seems
to have been avoided
because it has no possible
correlation with the star,
due to lack of astronomical
element in the sky east
of the Lion constellation.
Why did the builders
build it in that position?
The first detail is
the anomalous position
of the temple, then the
geographical points.
We all know that all monuments
of Giza pointed to them,
but the temple is
totally out of place,
much more than
Khentkaus' mastaba.
Why?
I worked very hard to
understand the ratio
of the original building
on which Amenhotep II built
this temple during
the New Kingdom.
I believe I found the key
to unveiling its purpose.
If we draw a circle from
the temple northeast
corner toward the west,
and then another circle
from the same corner
toward the east,
we obtain two
intersected circles
forming a vesica piscis.
Exactly as the ecliptic crosses
the Lion constellation's pose,
represented by the star
Regulus, so the two circles
cross the Sphinx pose.
So its disposition
was not accidental,
but it had a precise function,
to fix the ecliptic plane
at 36,400 before Christ.
The lost civilization of Giza
left a new incredible detail
on Earth to convey the message
of their existence, a kind
of message in a bottle
through the millennia
to demonstrate their knowledge.
In this way, they signed
the Age of the Gods, when
the Zep Tepi began,
during the Lion Age,
in 36,400 before Christ.
During the '90s,
many researchers
believe that two sphinxes were
built on the Giza Plateau.
But despite archaeological
campaigns at the time,
they found no evidence of
the second sphinx at Giza.
Then why did some
researchers believe
that the builders conceived
the second lion in Giza
tens of thousands of years ago?
I believe they were
misled by an image
from the tomb of Tuthmose III
showing two sphinxes inscribed
beneath a pyramid.
The image describes the core
of the Egyptians theology.
The pharaoh's soul travels
toward the region of the Duat,
through the pitfalls of the
night, assisted by the gods.
Duat is the origin of the
afterlife that Osiris ruled.
Due to the stellar origins
of the Egyptians' theology,
Duat was associated with a
particular region of the sky
during the Old Kingdom.
According to some researchers,
it was symbolically
positioned between the Orion
constellation and Sirius
or Taurus constellation.
Many scholars
suggest that the Duat
was between the
constellations of the north.
In short, the matter
is still unclear.
Nevertheless, that image caused
many debates at the time,
and Zahi Hawass was
involved in investigations
to find evidence of
an ancient basement.
On the east of Giza, a majestic
Sphinx is carved in the rock.
In the west, there is nothing.
Did the Egyptians make
a mistake describing
two sphinxes in their
image of the afterlife?
It would have been
the first time
we had incorrect information
from the Dynastic Age.
I went to Giza in 2014
to study the area,
looking for clues suggesting
a possible solution
to the mystery.
After some weeks, I found
a possible solution.
I also found evidence
in the astronomical
map I used to unveil the
mysteries of Khentkaus' mastaba
and the temples to the east.
I have always believed that the
study of Giza is very complex.
One of the limits of
archaeo-astronomical
investigations is
highlighted by the fact
that they focused on only
one section of the sky.
They have never studied the
sky connected with monuments
from east to west.
In my opinion, if the lost
civilization of the pyramids
built all monuments connected
with the stars, planets,
and constellations, it
is possible they also
built the monuments in the
west linked to the stars.
It is already apparent
they replicated
the entire celestial
vault on Giza, exactly
from east to west.
I was aware that there
was a monument connected
to the primary planning.
Now let's watch the astronomical
map at the alignment of 36,400
before Christ.
We have already observed
the perfect relationship
between the Sphinx and
the Lion constellation,
and between the temples and
two planets in the east,
between the pyramids
and the Orion's belt,
and between the Khentkaus'
mastaba and the star
Sirius in the south.
Now we must focus on the
west of the astronomical map.
In the center of the
map, let's consider
the Orion constellation
as the starting point.
The green line is the ecliptic.
Now let's follow its path
until the point referring
to the autumn equinox
in the west of the sky,
where the ecliptic
meets the horizon line.
Exactly west and slightly
below the celestial horizon,
the Aquarius
constellation is perfectly
in a position to the
Lion constellation.
Therefore if the lost
civilization of Giza
reproduced the celestial
vault on Earth,
it's very probable they
built a monument reminding us
of the Aquarius constellation
and not the Lion.
The Aquarius position
in the sky slightly
below the celestial horizon
has fascinating details
because, first, the monument is
not visible from the pyramids,
such as the constellation is
not visible from the point
of observation, that is
to say, from the center
of the west side of
the Khafre's pyramid.
Second, esoterically, it
has excellent symbolism
because the west connects
to the place of rest,
the place of death,
the last step
before entering a new
dimension, acquiring
a new status of wisdom.
In this case, we have
an intriguing detail
to investigate.
Aquarius and wisdom,
symbolically water and soul,
what is the
connection with Giza?
In 1923, a German scientist,
Max Ludwig Paul Blanckenhorn,
found clues of an ancient river
on Libyan-Mediterranean coasts.
He dated the river
to 50,000 years ago
and he called it Ur Nil,
or "twinned with the Nile."
The river flowed across the
desert between Libya and Egypt,
and he noted that those
intriguing artificial conduits
characterize the
river in some places.
It probably originated from the
sea and contains salt water.
Michael Hoffman confirmed
the study in his book, "Egypt
Before the Pharaohs--
The Prehistoric Foundation
of Egyptian Civilization."
Also in 1929, the
University of Chicago
published the results of
a geological research made
by Stuart Sandford and
William Joscelyn Arkell
in the Faiyum region
in the south of Egypt.
They also found ancient
conduits and minor rivers
originated from
the Faiyum region
and directed north of
Egypt across the desert.
Salt water characterized
those conduits.
So we have many clues indicating
a possible correlation
between Giza, salt
water, and monuments.
But what is the
meaning of all this?
Maybe in the ancient past,
the lost civilization
of the pyramids built
an artificial basin
in the west of Giza.
And if so, where was it built?
The Sphinx is 663
meters from the center
of the second pyramid, with
a geographical direction
of 277.5 degrees northwest.
Moving towards the west with
the same geographical direction
and respecting the same
distance of 663 meters,
we join the ridge close to the
NC2 Tomb, or Tomb of the Birds.
NC2 Tomb has fascinating shapes.
Its entrance is
carved from the rock.
After the entrance,
there are some chambers
where the Egyptologists found a
great number of mummified ibis.
At the bottom, many natural and
artificial conduits originated.
They look like pipes going
towards the underground of Giza
to the pyramids.
Many others are still
blocked and many others
are still unexplored.
But some of them were
explored years ago,
revealing some
intriguing traces.
The conduits have many
clues of water erosion
and in some points are
so clear the evidence
of sodium crystals.
It means that conduits were
full of salt water that
flowed to the pyramids
in the distant past.
With that in mind, I can
assume that the so-called Tomb
NC2, or Tomb of the Birds,
is the last wonder of Giza.
According to the
Hermetic concept,
as above, so below,
the builders replicated
the entire celestial vault
on the Giza Plateau, which
involved the west
side with a monument
correlated to the
Aquarius constellation.
What information can we receive
from the primary planning
of Giza?
First, the builders complete
the celestial vault on Earth
to leave a precise
message of their time
through the astronomical
correlation.
Second, the NC2 Tomb
gives a precise indication
of the purpose of the
pyramids and the basic process
for producing energy
by using nature,
according to the
dimensionless number
137 I discovered in
2011, in the section
of the second pyramids of Giza.
Now we have all factors to show
the primary planning of Giza
for the first time
after 38,000 years.
Interestingly, the
astronomical map
seems to be drawn in
three different sections,
as if they obtained the map
from three different observation
points.
First, the east of Giza
with Sphinx and temples
connected to the
east side of the sky,
with the Lion constellations
and two planets, Jupiter
and Mercury.
Second, the core of the sky with
Orion constellation in Sirius
perfectly aligned
with the pyramids
and Khentkaus' mastaba
that in the distant past
kept the House of Isis.
Third, the West of
Giza is characterized
by the alignment between
Aquarius constellation and NC2
Tomb.
This concludes my investigation
into the mysteries of Giza
and the introduction to
my theory of the Zep Tepi
and the primary
planning of Giza.
I am Armando Mei.
Thank you for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]